README.md, before:

#### About me
Hi! I'm Adrienne, a student, and I code sometimes for personal projects.
- GMT+8, student, artist
- mainly self-taught

#### Contact me
- email: adriennechansl@gmail.com

#### Active projects
- teal - a Discord bot I'm using to experiment with what I can do with discord.py
- aqua - a Discord bot I'm using to learn discord.js

#### Projects I'm not actively working on right now
- botpointpigeon - a bot for [@gradepointpigeon](https://www.instagram.com/gradepointpigeon/)'s [Discord server](https://discord.gg/mcsD7kS)
- threegigabot - a Telegram bot for pictures of the school cat, Teddy
- copernicusbot - a Twitter bot to experiment with the API

#### Planned 
- [ ] relearn site frontend/backend

#### Stats
![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=82-47&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&count_private=true&border_radius=5)


<!-- 
### unused resources
#### anurag's top langs
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=82-47&layout=compact&theme=midnight-purple&count_private=true&border_radius=5)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
-->

Commit message:

separate "done so leaving it" from "i forgot it existed"

README.md, after:

#### About me
Hi! I'm Adrienne, a student, and I code sometimes for personal projects.
- GMT+8, student, artist
- mainly self-taught

#### Contact me
- email: adriennechansl@gmail.com

#### Active projects
- teal - a Discord bot I'm using to experiment with what I can do with discord.py
- aqua - a Discord bot I'm using to learn discord.js

#### Pretty much done so I'm leaving it
- botpointpigeon - a bot for [@gradepointpigeon](https://www.instagram.com/gradepointpigeon/)'s [Discord server](https://discord.gg/mcsD7kS)

#### On the back burner for now
- threegigabot - a Telegram bot for pictures of the school cat, Teddy
- copernicusbot - a Twitter bot to experiment with the API

#### Planned 
- [ ] relearn site frontend/backend

#### Stats
![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=82-47&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&count_private=true&border_radius=5)


<!-- 
### unused resources
#### anurag's top langs
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=82-47&layout=compact&theme=midnight-purple&count_private=true&border_radius=5)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
-->
